Installation Guides Rewrite (#326)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/installation/digitalocean-one-click.md

# DigitalOcean One-click

The following documentation will guide you through the one-click creation of a new Strapi project hosted on  [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/).

DigitalOcean is a cloud platform that helps to deploy and scale applications by offering an Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) platform for developers.

<!-- TODO: Temporarily commented 👇 Check if we did the same for other 1-clicks, ask Mégane's opinion — remove it for consistency? -->

:::warning PREREQUISITES
A DigitalOcean account is necessary to follow this installation guide. Please visit the [DigitalOcean website](https://try.digitalocean.com/strapi/) to create an account if you don't already have one.
:::

## Creating a Strapi project

1. Go to the [Strapi page on DigitalOcean's marketplace](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/strapi).
2. Click on **Create Strapi Droplet** button.
3. Keep the selected "Shared CPU - Basic" plan.
4. Choose "Regular Intel with SSD" as a CPU option.
5. Select your virtual machine size (minimum of 2 GB/1 CPU).
6. Choose a datacenter region (closest to you or your target area).

> 7. Add a new SSH key. If you are on Windows you can follow [this guide](https://www.digitalocean.com/docs/droplets/how-to/add-ssh-keys/create-with-putty/).

Author: Because on Unix-based systems (Linux & macOS) the tools are already built-in, while you need to use a 3rd party tool on Windows.

From [DigitalOcean docs](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/droplets/how-to/add-ssh-keys/):
> Create an SSH key using an SSH client installed on your local computer. OpenSSH is included on Linux, macOS, and Windows Subsystem for Linux. Windows users without Bash can use PuTTY.

At least I guess this is the idea that was behind @derrickmehaffy 's initial sentences.

> 7. Add a new SSH key. If you are on Windows you can follow [this guide](https://www.digitalocean.com/docs/droplets/how-to/add-ssh-keys/create-with-putty/).

Author: What do you think about this suggestion?
(Replacing by a more general link that covers both methods, on macOS/Linux and on Windows, still in DigitalOcean docs)

```suggestion
7. Add a new SSH key. You can follow [this guide](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/droplets/how-to/add-ssh-keys/).
```

> 7. Add a new SSH key. If you are on Windows you can follow [this guide](https://www.digitalocean.com/docs/droplets/how-to/add-ssh-keys/create-with-putty/).

Reviewer: Lgtm, I wrote this guide before windows included most of the ssh tooling in powershell.

<!-- TODO: check with Derrick and JS if instructions are displayed like they were for me. If yes, we can remove the sentence. -->
8. Give your virtual machine a hostname.
9. Click **Create Droplet**. It may take from 30 seconds to a few minutes for the droplet to start, and a few minutes more to finish the Strapi installation.

## Running Strapi

> Your Strapi application on DigitalOcean will be running in development mode. It is recommended to not use the application directly in production.

Author: Thanks Jim! My English teacher told me last week that the original wording is the most correct one 😄 
But I don't see any problem updating it if you think it makes more sense, especially for non-native speakers.

@derrickmehaffy as a native English speaker, what do you think about it?

> Your Strapi application on DigitalOcean will be running in development mode. It is recommended to not use the application directly in production.

Reviewer: Yes the negative should come first, easiest way to remember is Americans are lazy and we want to get to the point as quickly as possible. :)

> Your Strapi application on DigitalOcean will be running in development mode. It is recommended to not use the application directly in production.

Author: Oh, that's funny because my teacher is actually a New Yorker 😄 
Anyway, thanks Derrick! I'll use the negative first, then :-)
